[Docs] [Quick start] Build a python application page for ysql-django (#11059)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/quick-start/build-apps/python/ysql-django.md

  <li >
    <a href="{{< relref "./ysql-sqlalchemy.md" >}}" class="nav-link">
      <i class="icon-postgres" aria-hidden="true"></i>
      YSQL - SQL Alchemy
    </a>
  </li>
  <li>
    <a href="{{< relref "./ycql.md" >}}" class="nav-link">
      <i class="icon-cassandra" aria-hidden="true"></i>
      YCQL
    </a>
  </li>
  <li>
    <a href="{{< relref "./ysql-django.md" >}}" class="nav-link active">
      <i class="icon-postgres" aria-hidden="true"></i>
      YSQL - Django
    </a>
  </li>
</ul>

The following tutorial creates an e-commerce application running in Python, connects to a YugabyteDB cluster, and performs REST API calls to send requests and query the results.

## Before you begin

This tutorial assumes that you have satisfied the following prerequisites.

### YugabyteDB

YugabyteDB is up and running. If you are new to YugabyteDB, you can have YugabyteDB up and running within five minutes by following the steps in [Quick start](../../../../quick-start/).

### Python

[Python 3](https://www.python.org/downloads/) or later is installed.

### Django

[Django 2.2](https://www.djangoproject.com/download/) or later is installed.

## Clone the orm-examples repository

```sh

> $ git clone https://github.com/yugabyte/orm-examples.git

Author: Understood and noted. Thanks.

```

This repository has a Django ORM example that implements a simple REST API server. Database access in this application is managed through the Django ORM. The e-commerce database `ysql_django` includes the following tables:

- `users`: of the e-commerce site are stored in the `users` table.
- `products`:  table contains a list of products the e-commerce site sells.
- `orders`: placed by the users are populated in the `orders` table.
- `orderline`:  stores multiple line items from an order in the `orderline` table.

The source for the above application can be found in the `python/django` directory of Yugabyte's [Using ORMs with YugabyteDB](https://github.com/yugabyte/orm-examples) repository.

## Set up the application

- Customize the database connection setting according to your environment in `ybstore/settings.py` under `orm-examples/python/django` directory:

```python
DATABASES = {
    'default': {
        'ENGINE': 'django.db.backends.postgresql',
        'NAME': 'ysql_django',

>         'USER': 'postgres',

Author: @Sfurti-yb , could you please confirm with this one. Pointed this question in the google doc as well.

        'PASSWORD': '',
        'HOST': '127.0.0.1',
        'PORT': '5433',
    }
}
```

> - Generate a Django secret key using any django secret key generator and paste the generated key in the following line of the `settings.py` file:

Author: Thank you ! I wasn't comfortable about this either. Will make the change.

```python
SECRET_KEY = 'YOUR-SECRET-KEY'
```

> - Create a database using the `YugabyteDB SQL shell`(ysqlsh) by navigating to the location of your local [YugabyteDB](#yugabytedb) cluster created above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a database using the YugabyteDB YSQL shell (ysqlsh). From the location of your local [YugabyteDB](#yugabytedb) cluster, run the following shell command:
```

```sh
bin/ysqlsh -c "CREATE DATABASE ysql_django"
```

> - From the `orm-examples/python/django` directory, create the migrations, and migrate the changes to the database using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- From the `orm-examples/python/django` directory, run the following command to create the migrations and migrate the changes to the database:
```

```sh
python3 manage.py makemigrations && python3 manage.py migrate
```

## Start the REST API server

Run the following Python script to start the REST API server at port `8080`. You can specify a port of your own choice.

```python
python3 manage.py runserver 8080
```

The REST API server will start and listen for your requests at `http://localhost:8080`.

## Send requests to the application

Create 2 users.

```sh

> $ curl --data '{ "firstName" : "John", "lastName" : "Smith", "email" : "jsmith@yb.com" }' \

Author: This also requires us to change the domains in around 10 other quick start pages when I search for `orm-examples` in latest and stable alone. Shall I create a separate issue to fix those pages ? @polarweasel
